{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CenturySchoolbook;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri700\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Comic Script Format
\b0\fs28 \
\
See the \'93Comic Script\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of how this project template can be used to generate a formatted comic script. There is no industry standard for comic scripting, so this template is based on the Final Draft template created by Antony Johnston:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri700\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qj\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.antonyjohnston.com/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.antonyjohnston.com./downloads/}}\
\
You could equally create a comic script template in Scrivener based on the Final Draft template created by Andy Diggle:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri700\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri700\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Or, you could create a template that fits the way you work, by using Text > Script Settings\'85 to completely customise the script template.\
\
This template works as follows:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri700\sl288\slmult1\sb160\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Title Page
\b0 \
A document entitled \'93Title Page\'94 is placed at the top of the draft (\'93Comic Script\'94) folder. This is used to hold the title and by-line and your name and address. Be sure to change the information in this document as appropriate.\
\

\b Pages
\b0 \
Pages are represented by text containers in the Comic Script. Upon export, a page break is inserted before each of these containers. Each \'93Page\'94 contains numerous panels, that can be dragged around and rearranged as you wish. \'93Page\'94 text containers have text inside them formatted as the page header text. Note that you can select the \'93Page\'94 container and use 
\i Simple Duplicate
\i0  from the Documents menu to create other other pages.\
\

\b Panels
\b0 \
Panels are represented by text documents within the folders that represent pages.\
\

\b Printing
\b0 \
To print your manuscript, go to 
\i File > Compile Comic Script\'85
\i0 , and then click on 
\i Print
\i0 . You can also generate a PDF from the panel that appears (the PDF document in the Research folder was created in this way).\
\

\b Exporting
\b0 \
You can either export to a word processor (using rich text or .doc format) or to Final Draft for final formatting. To export to Final Draft, select \'93Plain Text\'94 as the export format in the Compile Comic Script sheet. Also be sure to uncheck \'93Include\'94 for the title page document, as you will not want to export the title page for use in Final Draft\'97instead, use Final Draft itself to create the title page. Choose to import the text file as a script when importing into Final Draft.\
\

\b The Styles
\b0 \
This template contains the most common styles used for comics: 
\i Page Number, Panel, Action, Character, Dialogue
\i0  and 
\i Parenthetical
\i0 .\

\b Page Number
\b0  appears only in each page\'92s container document. Pressing 
\f1 TAB
\f0  after typing will insert the <$N> character string, to auto-number your pages.\

\b Panel
\b0  is used to denote a single panel of comic art on the page. Press 
\f1 TAB
\f0  after typing to insert the <$sn> string, to auto-number your panels within each page. Press 
\f1 ENTER
\f0  to automatically put the text into 
\i Action
\i0  mode.\

\b Action
\b0  is used to describe the image within each panel of art. Multiple paragraphs of 
\i Action
\i0  text can be used in a panel description. Therefore, press 
\f1 ENTER
\f0  after typing to keep the text in 
\i Action
\i0  mode. To enter 
\i Character
\i0  mode, press 
\f1 TAB
\f0  either after typing, or while on a blank line.\

\b Character
\b0  denotes a speaking character within a panel, and precedes their dialogue. Press 
\f1 ENTER
\f0  to put the text into 
\i Dialogue
\i0  mode. Press 
\f1 TAB
\f0  to make notes on lettering style for the dialogue that follows, e.g. \'93Large\'94, \'93Small\'94, \'93Jagged\'94, or \'93Off\'94 (useful for when a speaking character is not visible in panel). These notes are usually made in parentheses, so in this template a left parenthesis [i.e. the 
\b (
\b0  character] is automatically inserted after the character\'92s name, and the auto-complete library for this style contains text with closed parentheses. \
Caption boxes are regarded as dialogue, and the character \'93CAPTION\'94 should be used, followed by the text to appear in the box.\
Sound effects are similarly denoted with \'93SFX\'94.\
If a panel is completely silent (i.e. has no dialogue, caption or sound effect) then a character of \'93NO DIALOGUE\'94 should be entered, ending the panel.\

\b Dialogue
\b0  is the speech of each character. Dialogue is not broken up into true paragraphs. Therefore, press 
\f1 ENTER
\f2\fs24  
\f0\fs28 to move the text back into 
\i Action
\i0  mode. If you wish to break a long section of dialogue into multiple balloons, press 
\f1 TAB
\f0  to enter 
\i Parenthetical
\i0  mode.\

\b Parenthetical
\b0  is used to link together multiple dialogue balloons spoken by the same character in a single panel. Simply type \'93cont\'94 and hit either 
\f1 TAB
\f0  or 
\f1 ENTER
\f0 ; parentheses will automatically be placed around the \'93cont\'94 text, and the text will return to 
\i Dialogue
\i0  mode on a new line.\
Other lettering notes can also be made in the parentheticals after the \'93cont\'94 text, e.g. \'93cont, small\'94 or \'93cont, jagged\'94. Lettering notes that affect the entire dialogue should be made on the 
\i Character
\i0  line, as noted above.}